
Our Team
Chris Plance
FOUNDER
Chris is an engineer, entrepreneur, and management consultant
with over 20 years experience providing strategic guidance in the
implementation of technology with a focus on healthcare.
Chris was the co-founder of DATUS in 2002, a successful
management consultancy spun off to employees in 2012. Chris has
also served as the senior strategic advisor to one of the largest
non-profit providers of senior living in the United States.

Eric lawlor
ADVISOR
Eric has over 24 years of experience in numerous business lines in
the healthcare industry. This experience includes over 20 years in
some facet of the revenue cycle for a wide variety of provider types.
These provider types range from hospitals and physician practices
to post acute providers.
Eric has personally performed all the major components of the
provider side of revenue cycle in his career including eligibility
verification, charge entry, claim submission, claim followup, claim
appeals and post payment reviews. Eric has also been instrumental
in the implementation of several new billing systems.

FAQ
Q: What is veris building and how?
Veris is building a blockchain with a set of smart contracts designed specifically to service the
healthcare industry.
Blockchain provides four key fundamentals which sets this solution aside from existing attempts
to address this with 'clearinghouse' type organizations:
1. Disintermediation - No central agent is required to approve transactions.
2. Immutability - All transactions can not not be altered or deleted once added to the chain via
consensus.
3. Reliability - All nodes contain a copy of the blockchain data, removing a central point of failure.
4. Transparency - The transactions in the blockchain are visible to all parties with appropriate
access to decrypt and review.

Q: Why is Veris a non-profit entity?
We feel strongly that the only effective way to solve the challenges in back -end
administrative expense in the American healthcare system is that the
characteristics of the organization itself must match the blockchain as best
possible. The best current business entity for this is a non profit.
A non-profit business structure requires transparency and stakeholder feedback
via a board of directors comprised of healthcare payers, providers and financial
institutions

Q: What is the role of the Veris Foundation?
The Veris Foundation provides the strong governance mechanism required for the
continuing development and maintenance of a blockchain. The Foundation is also a
structure that allows industry stakeholders to collaborate and drive down expenses
while meeting their common needs.

Q: How is Veris Funded?
Veris is initially funded via donations from the founder and key private parties. Once an
inital deployment of the solution occurs in the fall of 2017, an Initial Coin Offering will be
created to further fund Veris.
